docs: fix istiooperator upgrade guide (#16262)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2024/in-cluster-operator-deprecation-announcement/index.md

Helm migration requires translating your `IstioOperator` YAML into a Helm `values.yaml` file.  Tooling to support this migration will be provided alongside the Istio 1.24 release.

> Translate an IstioOperator YAML file into helm values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translate an IstioOperator YAML file into Helm values and a shell script to install equivalent Helm charts:
```

> Helm migration requires translating your `IstioOperator` YAML into a Helm `values.yaml` file.  Tooling to support this migration will be provided alongside the Istio 1.24 release.
> 
> Translate an IstioOperator YAML file into Helm values and a shell script to install equivalent Helm charts:
> 
> {{< text bash >}}
> $ istioctl manifest translate -f istio.yaml
> {{< /text >}}
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helm migration requires translating your `IstioOperator` YAML into Helm values. Istio 1.24 and above includes a `manifest translate` command to perform this operation. The output is a `values.yaml` file, and a shell script to install equivalent Helm charts.

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl manifest translate -f istio.yaml
{{< /text >}}

```

Reviewer 2: (side note: this should also end up in the actual docs somewhere, which I don't think it ever did)
